---
title: OnTime
subtitle: Event Organizer
type: Android Application
layout: project
date: 2015-03-12
img: on-time/phone.png
thumbnail: on-time/myevents.png
alt: image-alt
project-date: March 2015
class: CS65 Smartphone Programming
category: portfolio
source: https://github.com/jason-feng/OnTime
link: http://ontime.instapage.com
mockup: http://invis.io/9M2MCHGQ2
---
Hate when you’re the first person to arrive to FoCo and proceed to wait in the lobby for the next 20 minutes? Ever sit awkwardly in Collis trying not to let anyone see you’re sitting alone while you’re friends take their time getting there? Well now with OnTime, you and your friends can always arrive simultaneously! This application will inform individuals organizing an event when they need to leave their current location in order to arrive at the destination at the specified event time. It will calculate departure times based on both a user’s current location as well as the current location status of other attendees. The app will be useful in helping all attendees synchronize their arrival times at the event so that no one will wait alone for the other attendees to get there.

Functionality:

* Facebook Integration
* Event invitations through push notifications
* Organize events between you and your closest friends
* Location progress tracking using Google Maps and Location Services to determine the approximate arrival time of your friends
* Search google maps for addresses and places
* Dynamic displays relative to your specific user

Layout:

* Sign-in Screen: Facebook login is initially shown on app installation, then My Events is shown on startup
* My Events (homepage): View your current events
* Create Event: fragment with dialogs to select invitees, set location, and set date/time
* Event Information: Provides important infomation about the event details and shows when and where an event is. It also includes a progress bar for other invitees to display their approximate distance to the event.
* Settings Tab: Information about your facebook integration and the ability to log out of facebook