---
title: Eye Train
subtitle: DALI Lab Winter 2015
type: iOS Application
layout: project
date: 2015-2-21
img: eye-train/copy-draw.png
thumbnail: eye-train/off-mark.png
alt: image-alt
project-date: February 2015
client: Black Lobster Academy
category: portfolio
---
People often feel like they can't draw or have no talent at it.  What they don't understand is that drawing is a skill that can be acquired by learning how to see, what to focus on, developing an eye-brain-hand connection, and repeating exercises.  As a result, many people give up trying to learn how to draw, and miss out on the wonderful opportunities the skill brings with it.

How can we create an application that is fun to use, simple, easy to follow, provides feedback, and offers users an opportunity to build up their drawing skills over time?

eyeTrain is a new way to learn how to draw.  Learning to draw is somewhat like practicing scales on an instrument or doing drills to become an athlete. By training the eye, the brain and the hand through a series of short exercises, this app teaches people how to draw in a quick, fun, low-stress, interactive way. Just like athletes train their muscles for particular tasks, eyeTrain provides drills to improve visual acuity needed for drawing. There are many apps out there allowing users to draw or teaching users to draw shapes but there is currently nothing that trains users how to see--how to look at things like an artist--and then how to draw what you see. By creating this fun, sophisticated, and user friendly iOS iPad app, users will be able to visually gage position, proportions, angles, sizes, alignments, curves and shapes more accurately when they draw on their own.

Feature Specification:

* Levels: will train users in a particular concept and increase in difficulty with a variety of lessons.
* Lessons: will train users in a particular task with many trys and guidance available. For the basic functionality, the lessons will include one extra simple variation on each of the two of the types we decide to implement from above to show that it is possible for the client to do so in the future.
* A small tracking feature will allow users to track their level progress
* This app will have a user interface for app-users learning to draw, and for the EyeTrain teacher/moderator to upload new content and create new modules from basic structural elements/templates laid out in this first v1.0 version.
* Each lesson of all the levels will be part of the app and downloaded at purchase. Updates will bring in newly created lessons and changes to the app.
